Areas of the website:
1: Design work
2: About
3: Contact
4: Resume

Work
Between December 2016 and May 2017 I worked as a UX Design intern at pitch.Me, a
LinkedIn like app where users donate to charity in order to get your attention.
My responsibilities have included usability testing, heuristic evaluations,
QA, lo-fi design work, and project management on our web and iOS app.

Online Usability Testing
Much of UX works relies heavily on time constraints, and by the nature of a startup,
time is often an issue. To this end, I have been responsible for conducting
an online usability study on the first version of our iPhone application.

The main research questions were as follows:

Can people successfully sign up and onboard?
Can people use pitch.Me to book conversations effectively and efficiently?
What is the satisfaction level from our iOS and desktop sign up and onboarding?
What are the breakpoints in the process?
Is reporting abuse intuitive enough for users

Tasks:
Imagine you are a business owner who is fed up with receiving unwanted emails,
cold calls, or other forms of intrusive communication, however you do not want to
shut out new potential business opportunities. You also are interested in charitable giving,
and want to support a charity you care about.

Task 1
Use the pitch.Me iPhone application to add information about you and your business.
User Goals: sign up, navigate to their profile, and update their profile (role,
company, bio, location)

Task 2
Add a few things you are interested in to your profile.
User Goals: Add interests

Task 3
Imagine as a business owner, you desire some sort of product or service that
will help your business grow. Using pitch.Me, post the product or service that you desire.
User Goals: Post needs

Design Recommendations post study:
1.Users are confused about what "Needs" are, as compared to interests. We need
a better way to describe that you can post whatever it is you need and others
will seek you out.
2.Users do not read splash screens upon onboarding, we need to rethink where we
put valuable information about using the app.
3. Choosing a charity on a user's profile needs to be more intuitive, it's too hidden.

About

Hello everyone! My name is Chris Kmiec and I am a UX Generalist at pitch.Me,
a small tech company located in Jackson, MI. My undergraduate degree is in
neuroscience, but I am currently enrolled as a graduate student at Michigan
State University for human computer interaction (HCI). My neuroscience degree
has taught me how to be thorough and patient, as well as giving me writing and
research skills.

Contact

(some kind of text box where you can submit emails to my kmiecchr@gmail.com address)

Resume

Link to my resume where they can print it right from there.
